Assignment 1
Developments done for this assignment were made in a way as to get a suitable for a proof-of-concept application,
therefore parts of the applications were greatly simplified, performance and security issues were overlooked.

The backend is implemented with Spring Boot using JPA and a Rest API, it could be easily integrated as an microservice,
the ports and request are open to everyone and require some sort of authentication (CORS, JWT) even in early development stages.
Unit tests were made as an examples as time was scarce and Integrations tests would be more efficient and reliable.

There were are issues in the frontend that would require some changes, however, like in any project there was a deadline
had to be fulfilled.

Some aspect in the assignment were not too clear, had doubts regarding on how the min and max values are calculated and
from what set of samples and if dpi values needed to be saved for each calculation, for simplification dpi was calculated
min and max values from all the values in the samples.

** Backend **
All the data processing was implemented in JPA as a mocked big data interface, since JPA is also used to persist Business
data this was the easiest and simpler way to do it.

All the code in package ‘big-data’ should be seen as a dummy implementation to be used only as proof of concept.
There are two Rest Controllers one for Samples and DPI related activities (SamplesController) and the other to handle strictly
business domain objects (BusinessController).

The code follows the common structure of Controller → Service → Repository, for simplification the creating of interfaces
for services was skipped.

There are two main entities Samples and DeviceDpi, samples are uploaded via a CVS file or read from a post request and then

DPI values are calculated for each device and saved as DeviceDpi entities.
Spring boot is running a task at startup (AppStartupRunner) that reads entries from a CVS file and process the entries to
populate the tables.

